Let's start with animations
and this of course again is a challenge for you, make sure that these switches between the different
routes are animated, of course
choose any animation of your choice or whatever you like. Animating the transition between routes is
easy as we learned in the last module,
all we have to do is go in the app.vue file where
we have our router vue and add a transition here. Now in this transition, we'll place the router vue and
then we can choose any name,
let's say we name our animation slide,
this will influence which css classes we're using. I'll set the mode to out in to first animate the old route
out before adding the new one.
Well with this, I go to my styles here
and then I want to add the slide enter
since I named it slide here, slide-enter-active class and I'll add the slide-leave-active class,
these are the only two classes I need because I'm going to use animations,
so I'll set up some keyframes here for slide-in for example where I want to animate from somewhere
to somewhere and this somewhere is in the from case that I want to have this nice sliding animation
so I will translateY -30 pixels and set the opacity to zero
and the goal is to then reach transform, translateY of zeros, so the
end position of this item and set the opacity to one of course,
now all handled in this keyframe.
And I also need keyframes for sliding it out of course because there I want to animate this in the opposite
direction,
so therefore here I will set up a from position of translateY, 0 because I want to start at the real
position of this element
and the opacity of course is one and the goal is to then go to transform, translateY -30 pixels
and set the the opacity to zero.
So this will fade and slide it
and now I can use these keyframes here in my classes with the animation keyword or property, play slide
in when entering around, over let's say 200 milliseconds, ease out and then forwards to keep the end position
and upon leaving, I also want to play animation, slide out it is, also 200 milliseconds ease out and
forwards and that's just all that should take. These few keyframes and classes together with the transition
component wrapping a router vue with the names slides it up, slide of course here refers to the
names these classes then have to have this. And with this in place, we already see a nice animation here,
so let's fill our portfolio to also see the change there,
looks good.
So now we get the animation in place,
let's now wrap this app up by making the save and load buttons work or the dropdown to begin with.